./dnsserver -p <port> -n <name>

./httpserver -p <port> -o <origin>



#Briefly describe the design decisions you are making in your DSN server and HTTP server.

##HTTP server
In the htpp server, we construct a simple socket connection that waits for a request

##DNS server

#How would you change your DNS server to dynamically return an IP, instead of a hard coded IP?



#Explain how you would implement the mapping of incoming client requests to CDN
servers, if you had several servers to pick from. Notice the CDN servers are
geographically distributed, and so are clients. Be specific about what kind of
measurement system you would implement, where exactly the data would be collected,
and how you would then decide which server is the best option for a particular client.




#Explain how you would implement caching for your HTTP server, if we were to send
a range of requests to your HTTP server. What cache replacement strategy would you
implement if content popularity followed a Zipfian distribution. How would your HTTP
server respond to a request for a content that is not currently in the cache.

We would use a Malpani configuration of caching, over a small-to-medium sized CDN,
combined with consistent hashing, which would obviate the need for constant
communication between the caches. Content popularity which follows a Zipfian
distribution, which is to say a Power Law or "fat-tailed" distribution,
is the norm on the internet in real life, because most of the content served on
the internet is served by a core cluster of sites (Youtube, google, etc.).
Thus there should be a caching system which keeps these pages maintained on its
caches, not sites no one uses. Malpani caching works thus: the client's request
is directed to an arbitrary cache and if the requested materials are not there,
the cache sends a message to all the other caches by a protocol called "Multicast IP",
which is functions similarly to Broadcasting on an ethernet, to request the page.
If the page isn't found on any of the caches the request is directed to the home server,
which forwards the page to an arbitrary cache and the cycle then repeats itself.
With the Malpani caching system in place, the most popular pages would be cached.
The main disadvantage of this method is that, on large CDNs, the messaging between
caches bogs down the network, but combined with consistent hashing, which is a
type of hashing that lessens the need for all caches to be updated in unison in
order to give them all the same view of the network. With these two systems combined
and in place, the CDN would have an effective and scalable caching system.
